README.md, before:

# ietf105-project-presentations

This repo is for IETF hackathon participants to upload their hackathon project presentations. The contents of this repo will be used as the source for all project presentations at the end of the hackathon. Presentations will be presented from a shared ChromeBook at the front of the hackathon room.

You <span style="color:red">MUST be a [member](https://github.com/orgs/IETF-Hackathon/people)</span> of the [IETF-Hackathon](https://github.com/IETF-Hackathon) GitHub org to upload a new presentation or update/replace an existing presentation. 

To be added as a member, send your GitHub ID to [Charles Eckel](mailto:eckelcu@cisco.com) at your earliest convenience. <span style="color:red">DO NOT WAIT</span> until just before hackathon project presentations start or your request may be lost in the chaos.

For more info on the hackathon, including the complete and updated agenda, please see the [Hackathon Wiki](https://trac.ietf.org/trac/ietf/meeting/wiki/105hackathon).

Commit message:

update readme to recommend pdf format for presentations

README.md, after:

# IETF 105 project presentations

This repo is for IETF hackathon participants to upload their hackathon project presentations. The contents of this repo will be used as the source for all project presentations at the end of the hackathon. Presentations will be presented from a shared ChromeBook at the front of the hackathon room. <span style="color:red">For best results, upload your presentation in PDF format.</span>

<span style="color:red">You MUST be a</span> [member](https://github.com/orgs/IETF-Hackathon/people)<span style="color:red"> of the</span> [IETF-Hackathon](https://github.com/IETF-Hackathon) <span style="color:red">GitHub org </span>to upload a new presentation or update/replace an existing presentation. 

To be added as a member, send your GitHub ID to [Charles Eckel](mailto:eckelcu@cisco.com) at your earliest convenience. <span style="color:red">DO NOT WAIT</span> until just before hackathon project presentations start or your request may be lost in the chaos.

For more info on the hackathon, including the complete and updated agenda, please see the [Hackathon Wiki](https://trac.ietf.org/trac/ietf/meeting/wiki/105hackathon).
